Add 0.15 release notes for isometries (#1769)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.15/release-notes/14269_Basic_isometry_types.md

<!-- Basic isometry types -->
<!-- https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/14269 -->

Vectors and quaternions are commonly used in 3D to describe relative and absolute positions and orientations of objects.
However, when performing more complicated transformations, such as going from a global frame of reference to an object's local space and back,
or composing multiple translations and rotations together, they can get rather unwieldy and difficult to reason about.

The new [`Isometry2d`] and [`Isometry3d`] types introduced in **Bevy 0.15** are a simple yet powerful tool for efficiently describing

> these kinds of transformations. An isometry represents a rotation followed by a translation, similar to a [`Transform`] without scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these kinds of transformations. An isometry represents a rotation followed by a translation, similar to a [`Transform`] with a scale of 1.
```
